=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

POE::Component::IRC::Plugin::Pastebot - A Pastebot with IRC announcements

=head1 SYNOPSIS

To quickly get an IRC bot with this plugin up and running, you can use
L<App::Pocoirc|App::Pocoirc>:

 $ pocoirc -s irc.perl.org -j '#bots' -a 'Pastebot{ "pastebot_args":{ "paste_dir":"/tmp/pastes", "iname":"http://foo.com:8888" } }'

Or use it in your code:

 use POE::Component::IRC::Plugin::Pastebot

 my $pastebot = POE::Component::IRC::Plugin::Pastebot->new(
     Where => {
         freenode => ['#mychannel', '#myotherchannel'],
     },
     Pastebot_args => {
          # ...
     },
 );

 $irc->plugin_add(
     Pastebot => $pastebot,
     network  => 'freenode',
 ));

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This plugin requires the IRC component to be
L<POE::Component::IRC::State|POE::Component::IRC::State> or a subclass thereof.

B<Note>: This plugin can be loaded into multiple IRC components simultaneously.
It expects a C<< network => 'foo' >> parameter when being registered
(C<< $irc->plugin_add('Alias', Plugin->(), network => 'foo' >>).

=head1 METHODS

=head2 C<new>

Takes the following optional arguments:

B<'Where'>, a hash reference telling the plugin in which channels it should
be active. The keys are network names, the values are either C<'all'> or an
array reference of channel names. If you don't supply this argument, the
plugin will be active in all channels on all networks.

C<'Pastebot_args'>, a hash reference of arguments which will be passed to
L<POE::Component::Server::Pastebot|POE::Component::Server::Pastebot>'s
constructor.

B<'Pastebot'>, an already existing pastebot object to use, if you don't want
the plugin to create one for you.

Returns a plugin object suitable for feeding to
L<POE::Component::IRC|POE::Component::IRC>'s C<plugin_add> method.

=head1 AUTHOR

Hinrik E<Ouml>rn SigurE<eth>sson, hinrik.sig@gmail.com

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2010 Hinrik E<Ouml>rn SigurE<eth>sson

This program is free software, you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
